Cancel old pool context on multi-to-single demotion (#830)
opensearch-project/opensearch-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated

### Removed

### Fixed

- Fix bulk indexer HTML-escaping `_id` and `routing` values containing `<`, `>`, or `&` characters, causing OpenSearch to store escaped values (e.g., `\u003croot_account\u003e` stored instead of `<root_account>`), leading to duplicate documents, unreachable data on read-by-ID paths, and potential shard routing mismatches. Present since the `json.Marshal` migration in 2021 (commit `3da59092`). Replace `json.Marshal` with `json.NewEncoder` + `SetEscapeHTML(false)` in `opensearchutil.worker.writeMeta` and `opensearchutil.JSONReader`; replace per-worker `aux []byte` with `sync.Pool`-backed `*bytes.Buffer`; add table-driven test coverage for `writeMeta` edge cases ([#824](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/pull/824))
- Fix pool replacement orphaning resurrection goroutines during node discovery, causing connections to become permanently dead with no active health checker ([#786](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/pull/786))

> - Fix multi-to-single pool demotion leaking resurrection goroutines by giving each `multiServerPool` its own derived context and cancelling it on demotion ([#811](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/issues/811))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix multi-to-single pool demotion leaking resurrection goroutines by giving each `multiServerPool` its own derived context and cancelling it on demotion ([#830](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/pull/830))
```

Author: Done. Updated to `#830` PR link and rebased on latest `main`.
